---
keywords: fastai
description: What I did to be more motivated to be productive on our PBL
title: Newfound Motivation
toc: true
categories: [units]
permalink: /newfoundmotivation
tags: [hacks]
nb_path: _notebooks/2023-1-5-newfoundmotivation.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2023-1-5-newfoundmotivation.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<p>So this Sunday, I did the installations. The installations from Week 0. I should have done this the minute I found one of my tools not working and the solution was to do exactly that. Mr. Mortensen told me two things over the course of that time: He told me that experimentation is necessary to succeed, and that I should be able to experiment without him supervising all the time. The second thing he told me was that I felt the need to restrict myself, which I analyzed and found one thing to be the cause: procrastination. I put off re-installing and experimenting with environments for months, and that was a wrong thing to do. But yesterday, I just woke up and went straight to doing it. Mr. Mortensen also once let me know that he bought a fresh windows machine and did the installations working first try. After I did the installations, I felt so good. Not only did I just get over fear built on procrastination, but I actually understood what I was doing this time. On Week 0, I was just following instructions, however poorly. This time, I knew all the vocabulary - I knew that we were installing VsCode through the Ubuntu environment, cloning our repositories, and installing the proper kernels needed to complete work in the class.</p>
<p>My advice to people? Stop procrastinating. The only way to do that is to just do it. Everyone is different, and there is a switch that clicks in the brain that allows for us to just do it, and once I clicked and was done with it, I felt so good and satisfied</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

